# Stranger Magic - Part 3

[Part 1](/blogs/stranger-magic)
[Part 2](/blogs/stranger-magic-2)

"Please", she urged him, still quite red, "come sit at the - ehm - dinner table". For a moment she appeared as to be searching for the table before pointing at a round, wooden table, conveniently placed in the middle of the room and hurriedly pulled a chair out for him. This confused him because he was, although not being wildly experienced in female companionship, rather gentlemanly and would have expected it to be him pulling a chair out for her. Nevertheless he smiled thankfully and sat down at the table. The chair sort of squeezed him tightly to the wooden table, but not in any discomforting way. "I will now fetch the dinner in the kitchen", she enlightened him, before turning - the wrong way - around and leaving the dining room. At least he suspected it was the dining room, since it seemed they were going to dine in it.

The dining room was a fairly standard dining room, it seemed. A dining table, by which he sat. A glass cupboard with - well - nothing much in it, but definitely a cupboard as proud as they come. Four chairs, all different, around the table. The walls were bare, if not counting the strange, greenish tint, which seemed to belong somewhen in the previous century. Or possibly previous millenium, just to widen the scope.

A rather loud crash sounded from what he believed must be the kitchen and he was in the middle of convincing his knees to make him stand up when she yelled: "I'm okay! Nothing happened. I just dropped - ehm - a plate!". He thought it must have been an awful big plate and that it must have hit an awful lot on its way to the ground and not just this ground, but also all the other grounds beneath, but preferred to play it cool and yelled back: "Ehm - okaaaay? Do you need any help? I'm quite good in a kitchen!". This resulted in a surprisingly loud giggle which came from a totally different direction than the one in which she had disappeared. With her hands full with, well, two plates - both seemingly in one piece - she stood in the greenish doorway, a smile on her face and her hair in a mess (a charming mess, of course, but still a mess), she smirked at him: "I hope you're good in other rooms, too". His top most head would have turned green(ish) with envy, while the other head most definitely turned red, but green wasn't one of the allowed face colors for looking embarrassed, so he had to go with a very dark red and a gawp. She laughed and he was glad that he hadn't succeeded in convincing his knees. They would have buckled under the load of that laugh.

She placed the beautifully painted plates in a more or less, mostly less, correct position on the table, because - well, they were on the table, which was definitely where they were supposed to be and it seemed as good a starting point as any other. When she again left for the kitchen - through another door, there seemed to be a worrying amount of doors out of the room - he discreetly, after having his eyes happily and absolute not discreetly follow her butt out the door, moved the plates to what seemed a more appropriate position. Jennifer sneakily reappeared with the expected amount of cutlery and did not seem to notice that he moved the plates. The cutlery was placed in a sufficiently short distance from the plates as were the assortment of glasses she must have conjured up on the table, while he was admiring her chest. George was puzzled. Not that this was out of the ordinary for him, but he was still - by his standard - puzzled. 

She sat down across him and smiled at him. He was glad he hadn't picked up the cutlery yet, because his wrists for a short while seemed to suffer from the same instabilities as his knees. "Well, ehm, I suppose it is time to e... Oh! I have forgotten the food, silly me!", she stood up quickly, giggling while the chair being pushed back similarly quickly had a fight with gravity and somehow proudly won.

Away she went, using one of the many greenish doorways, which he by now had lost count of. Or rather, he hadn't counted them, but he was sure he could manage, if need be. 

Surprisingly she came back through the same doorway with a tray filled with some exotic, delicious looking cuisine. Almost dancing through the room, she managed to almost stumble and have the tray land exactly in the middle of the table. Again she squeezed into her chair, smiled the cutlery loosing smile and grinned happily: "Dig in, as they say! Wine?"

"Ehm, certainly", he responded, holding forward his glass and let her pour it to the rim. He tasted the wine and his eyes lit up: "This is like something I've never tasted before!". Her eyes twinkled and she giggled: "I bet it is! It is my favourite, always forget where I get it from, though". She seemed puzzled for a second, filled her own glass. "Cheers!", she almost spilled her wine trying to clink the glasses. She drank the whole glass. He starred, but part of his brain decided to play it cool and he did the same. He felt really good when the glass was empty. It wasn't empty for long, she made sure of that.

She started sampling the various dishes, he followed trot. Everything he tasted was delicious, really out of this world. He stated that to her, several times and she basked in the praise: "You are worth cooking for", she smiled at him. 

"I'm glad you think that", his eyes twinkled, possibly because the wine was good and plenty, but also very likely because he felt at ease, he felt comfortable, while at the same time feeling totally out of place. A twinkle seemed to be the exactly right reaction to that.

"You know, I was surprised about getting your message. I'm certain I forgot to give you my phone number last night". Her eyes twinkled at his: "You must have given me your number, it was right there in my phone under 'George'". 

"Ah, well", he smiled at her, "it doesn't really matter, does it. You messaged me and I'm here, having the time of my life!". 

Chewing the last bite on her plate, she answered in a voice, which for a short while made him loose his breath: "Your life has just begun, my dear George, your life has just begun". She smiled. That smile.